[DOCS] fix link ref to new DL Streamer repo (#847)
open-edge-platform/scenescape: docs/user-guide/other-topics/how-to-run-LPR-with-3D-object-detection.md

### 2. Download Required Models

> Download the required models for License Plate Detection and Optical Character Recognition to the following location `scenescape/model_installer/models/public/`. Please refer to the documentation [here](https://github.com/open-edge-platform/dlstreamer/tree/master/samples/gstreamer/gst_launch/license_plate_recognition#models) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the required models for License Plate Detection and Optical Character Recognition to the following location `scenescape/model_installer/models/public/`. For more information, refer to [DL Streamer documentation](https://github.com/open-edge-platform/dlstreamer/tree/master/samples/gstreamer/gst_launch/license_plate_recognition#models).
```
